What is it that haunts you?
Whose eyes peer back at you from the dark?
Yeah!
Is that all you got?
Winner, King.
Out of my way.
Jin?
How you feeling?
Please…
…no lectures.
I don't wanna hear about
being too young, too small.
"Shouldn't have fought in the tournament.
Should've been more--"
Xiaoyu,
the doctor said
it's just a slight concussion.
You'll be fine.
And I'm not here to lecture you.
I'm just tired of always having to defend
my choice to fight competitively,
because…
-Because you're a woman?
Yeah.
First person to teach me martial arts…
…was a woman,
and, uh, she was stronger
than anyone I've ever met.
Your mother?
Wait. She was the strongest?
She is…
Hmm.
That's why
you were always so closed off.
At school, I mean.
For, um, as long as I can remember,
I've been training for this tournament.
Training to avenge her.
Although, it would have been nice…
It's okay, Jin.
We can be friends now.
Jin!
What the hell?
It's okay, tough guy.
He's gone.
Hmm.
How is this tournament
different from the previous for you?
For starters, I just had
to fight a karate-practicing grizzly bear.
And I'm about to fight a jaguar man.
So I guess this time around,
anything goes.
Hmm.
Here to study your future opponent?
My people have recently discovered
that King is not who we thought him to be.
What?
King, who was also a formidable fighter,
was killed… by Ogre.
So you don't know who that is?
Had it not been for the power
of the Devil Gene,
Paul Phoenix
would have defeated your father.
Pay close attention
not only to what wins the fight
but also what loses it.
You're not gonna bully me around the ring
like you did your last opponent.
Paul Phoenix versus King!
Begin!
Damn. You're as tough
as you are creepy.
Now you know who you must defeat.
Winner by knockout, King!
You should be seeing
a live feed of Ogre's cell now.
Whether or not
I can remotely see it
doesn't concern me, Bosconovitch.
Will it hold him?
The cell will hold that beast
for as long as it takes
to learn his secrets.
Has the pendant shown any signs?
Hmm.
No.
If Ogre is not drawn to Kazama
the way he did when he was a child…
Then we still have
much to learn about the Devil Gene.
Indeed, we do, sir.
Indeed, we do.
Hmm?
I want to know
what happened to my mother.
And I want her pendant back now, Heihachi.
The pendant is from a time and people
well before Michelle Chang.
What the hell?
Grandfather, what are you doing?
Do not waste your Kazama empathy
on this wannabe assassin.
Assassin?
Are you kidding?
You, leave, now!
I'll make sure she leaves.
You have a tournament to win.
And you have a tournament to run.
I'll take care of it.
You won't see her again.
I don't need help from another Mishima.
-What?
It all makes sense now.
I heard you call him "grandfather."
You… you're the son of Kazuya Mishima.
You should leave.
I'm not leaving
until I recover my mother's pendant
and find out what happened to her.
Pendant?
You've seen it, haven't you?
My mother was determined to make sure
the pendant was used for good,
and Heihachi stole it from her.
Heihachi got it from some lowlife
who got it from the bottom of a lake.
After my mother hid it there,
trying to keep it away from him.
Heihachi will only use its power for evil.
Heihachi's trying to help me
rid the world of someone.
Of something truly evil.
The Ogre?
Who do you think
unleashed it on all of us?
What?
You're saying Heihachi released Ogre
into the world?
That's what my mother believed.
Ogre killed my mother.
That should just make you
more determined
to prevent Heihachi
from using the pendant.
You'll…
get the pendant back.
What?
After the tournament.
I'll see to it.
After I fight that masked freak.
Ladies and gentlemen,
using a wrestling fighting style,
King!
And using Mishima-Style Fighting Karate,
Jin Kazama!
After the tournament.
I'll see to it.
After I fight that masked freak.
King?
You have more in common with him
than you realize.
The original King,
the man who saved this King
from a life on the streets,
someone who he cared about,
like you did your mother,
was also killed by Ogre.
Of course,
you're here fighting for revenge,
and King's here to win the money
to fund an orphanage.
So maybe you don't have
that much in common.
Begin!
Hmm.
…was also killed by Ogre.
Of course,
you're here fighting for revenge.
Hmm.
Get up, Kazama!
Get up, man. On your feet.
-Whoa!
Yes!
Winner, Jin Kazama!
Ladies and gentlemen,
winner and the new King of Iron Fist,
Jin Kazama!
Prize money's all yours.
-I don't want anything to do with it.
Do good with it, okay?
Build that orphanage,
whatever you were planning.
Kazama, in order to be King of Iron Fist,
you… must defeat one final opponent.
Me.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we have an additional bout.
Jin Kazama will fight
Heihachi Mishima.
I don't like this.
Jin's barely standing from his last fight.
For the title,
King of Iron Fist, uh,
Jin Kazama versus Heihachi Mishima.
You have failed yourself,
failed your mother,
and you have failed my teachings.
Ogre… won't waste his time on you.
What happened
before Ogre arrived that night?
Had you been fighting?
Yes, against some bullies.
Then… it's quite possible
he sought to confront your power
to absorb it.
My mother died because of me.
You will honor her sacrifice
by drawing out and confronting Ogre.
You're saying Heihachi
released Ogre into the world?
That's what my mother believed.
Did you unleash Ogre?
Does… it… matter?
If you did,
then my mother and other good people died,
not because of him
but because of you.
Apparently, you've learned
all I can teach you.
Challenge… accepted.
Begin!
Either Ogre appears,
or I'll kill you myself.
Jin.
Remember, you can counter
any opponent's size and strength
with surprise and technique.
Kazama Technique.
Such treachery.
Maybe you're a Mishima after all.
I learned from the best.
And now you will fall
at the hands of the best.
The pendant.
Hmm.